Little sister, you are courting death
Who is it again?
Sword Immortal Palace First Class Gong Fu
Xie Changhe bullied my descendants, you should be damned
I didn't expect it.
Your young age
Already a natural opportunity
You can do it first.
No wonder it can block my old man's sword
What a pity, what a pity
pity
How dare you steal my grandson?
That's a dead end
Go shut up
Grandchildren grab relatives first
Do you think I can be reasonable?
Bullying my grandson
No matter how much reason you have, you have to die
Thank you for your ability
In front of my grandfather
Nothing
The second ancestor of bullying
Don't be too complacent
I'll kill you in a while
How about bullying?
I have a capable grandfather, do you have one?
An old thing that divides right from wrong
I will ask you again sooner or later
You didn't get that chance.
Let's hit the road, Beckham
Don't travel